Encounter Plans/2023-06-24 - Fiery Isles.md, before:

## Problem 1 - How to catch the boat/get to land
The players could ask the merfolk's aid, which would get them quickly to the fiery isles. They could swim, but would show up exhausted. They could try to repair the sinking dragonborn ship enough to get there. Or they could do something else.

## Encounter 1 - When they get to land
![[Waterfall beach.png]]

_As you land on an unknown island, you can tell you're in the fiery isles by the giant jungle trees surrounding this small cove. A few feet from the shore are some low cliffs, about 10 feet at their highest point, with a waterfall cascading down from the center. A dock is halfway done collapsing into the water._

Perception Check:
<12 - The gentle burble of the waterfall fills your ears, and the cliff line and trees block vision of anything further in. 
12 - It's too quiet here, there should be birds cawing or something. 
15 - It's too quiet here, and those mounds of sand don't look entirely natural
18 - There's crab eyes sticking out of those mounds of sand over there
21 - Is that a chest under the surviving bits of the dock?

**Roll for Initiative!**
Fighting 1 Giant Crab and 1 Giant Turtle

When a player character goes down, or the fight is over, have vines appear restraining everyone except Hruuk (DC 20 Strength save to not get grabbed). "Who are you, and why are you here?" the Circle of Druids asks. 

Hruuk, you are blessed by Mighty Alam, as are we. We have much to learn from each other. But first we need your help. Our leader Ballar found something, a black stone. We are loyal subjects of the isles and he took it to give to the king. That was yesterday. This morning a bird came to tell us he's been locked in the prison in Kel'Rod.



![[fortress-prison-489-1.jpg]]

Commit message:

Add a few more details to prison encounter

Encounter Plans/2023-06-24 - Fiery Isles.md, after:

## Problem 1 - How to catch the boat/get to land
The players could ask the merfolk's aid, which would get them quickly to the fiery isles. They could swim, but would show up exhausted. They could try to repair the sinking dragonborn ship enough to get there. Or they could do something else.

## Encounter 1 - When they get to land
![[Waterfall beach.png]]

_As you land on an unknown island, you can tell you're in the fiery isles by the giant jungle trees surrounding this small cove. A few feet from the shore are some low cliffs, about 10 feet at their highest point, with a waterfall cascading down from the center. A dock is halfway done collapsing into the water._

Perception Check:
<12 - The gentle burble of the waterfall fills your ears, and the cliff line and trees block vision of anything further in. 
12 - It's too quiet here, there should be birds cawing or something. 
15 - It's too quiet here, and those mounds of sand don't look entirely natural
18 - There's crab eyes sticking out of those mounds of sand over there
21 - Is that a chest under the surviving bits of the dock?

**Roll for Initiative!**
Fighting 1 Giant Crab and 1 Giant Turtle

When a player character goes down, or the fight is over, have vines appear restraining everyone except Hruuk (DC 20 Strength save to not get grabbed). "Who are you, and why are you here?" the Circle of Druids asks. 

Hruuk, you are blessed by Mighty Alam, as are we. We have much to learn from each other. But first we need your help. Our leader Ballar found something, a black stone. We are loyal subjects of the isles and he took it to give to the king. That was yesterday. This morning a bird came to tell us he's been locked in the prison in Kel'Rod.


## Encounter 3 - The prison
At the entrance is 3 [[Dragonborn Guards]], with an additional 5 around the corner. All but one are silver, the dungeon captain is gold.

Tabber and Corom are locked in the southwest corner. Just north of them is the Druid Ballar. The prison doors and windows are warded against magic. 


![[fortress-prison-489-1.jpg]]
